Added grafana to playground cluster (#8194)
meshery/meshery: install/playground/readme.md

After this create the namespace `monitoring` and apply `prometheus.yaml`.
Notice the job_name: `prometheus` configured with two targets. It is the address of node exporter running on each node.

> ## Grafana deployment
> Grafana uses prometheus as data source and expose it 3000. Prometheus and Node exporter should be deployed a long as with Grafana.
> 
> Create the namespace `monitoring` if not already done and apply `grafana.yaml`.
> Notice that url in the data source should match with prometheus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Grafana Deployment
Grafana uses Prometheus as its data source. Grafana is exposed on port 3000/tcp. Prometheus and Node Exporter are prerequisites to Grafana's usefulness. 

Create the namespace `monitoring` if not already done and apply `grafana.yaml`.
Notice that URL in the data source should match with Prometheus.
```
